README.md, before:

﻿# InfinityFires

A mod for *The Long Dark* that lets the user right click on a fire to make it last forever, or middle click to add an hour.

## [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/ds5678)

I know many people might skip over this, but I hope you don't. You are so special, and I would appreciate your support. Modding takes lots of time, and I have expenses like food, internet, and rent. If you feel that I have improved your playing experience, please consider supporting me on my [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/ds5678). Your support helps to ensure that I can continue making mods for you at the pace I am :)

## Installation

1. If you haven't done so already, install MelonLoader by downloading and running [MelonLoader.Installer.exe](https://github.com/HerpDerpinstine/MelonLoader/releases/latest/download/MelonLoader.Installer.exe).
2. Download the latest version of `InfinityFires.dll` from the [releases page](https://github.com/ds5678/InfinityFires/releases).
3. Download the latest version of `ModComponent.dll` from the [releases page](https://github.com/ds5678/ModComponent/releases).
4. Download the latest version of `ModSettings.dll` from its [release page](https://github.com/zeobviouslyfakeacc/ModSettings/releases).
5. Move `InfinityFires`, `ModComponent.dll`, and `ModSettings.dll` into the Mods folder in your TLD install directory.

Commit message:

update to use alternative action utilities

README.md, after:

﻿# InfinityFires

A mod for *The Long Dark* that lets the user right click on a fire to make it last forever, or middle click to add an hour.

## [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/ds5678)

I know many people might skip over this, but I hope you don't. You are so special, and I would appreciate your support. Modding takes lots of time, and I have expenses like food, internet, and rent. If you feel that I have improved your playing experience, please consider supporting me on my [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/ds5678). Your support helps to ensure that I can continue making mods for you at the pace I am :)

## Installation

1. If you haven't done so already, install MelonLoader by downloading and running [MelonLoader.Installer.exe](https://github.com/HerpDerpinstine/MelonLoader/releases/latest/download/MelonLoader.Installer.exe).
2. Download the latest version of `InfinityFires.dll` from the [releases page](https://github.com/ds5678/InfinityFires/releases).
3. Download the latest version of `AlternativeActionUtilites.dll` from the [releases page](https://github.com/ds5678/AlternativeActionUtilites/releases).
4. Download the latest version of `ModSettings.dll` from its [release page](https://github.com/zeobviouslyfakeacc/ModSettings/releases).
5. Move `InfinityFires.dll`, `AlternativeActionUtilites.dll`, and `ModSettings.dll` into the Mods folder in your TLD install directory.
